## A Winter Melon's New Purpose

Generally speaking, winter melon should appear in kitchen. Finally, it will be the food of people. But today I want to share a story happen to our Tony teacher. One day, Tony teach his apprentice how to use razor to shave the head of people. Tony gave his apprentice a winter melon with a razor into it. The apprentice use winter melon to practice the skill of shaving head of people. Meanwhile, the apprentice has to follow Tony wife's order, like cook dinner,etc. Every time Tony's wife order the apprentice to do a thing, the apprentice will immediately insert the razor into winter melon and help Tony's wife. When the apprentice help the customers to shave their head, at this moment, the apprentice receive the order from Tony's wife. He insert the razor into the head of customers... ...  I thought this is well-known story. Most of us heard of that. Something about habit.

Habits include good habit and bad habit. What's your standard for good habit? I think that good habit can improve quality of your life.  There are several good habits happened to me. First one is English morning reading in my college. When I was a freshman, I took part in English morning reading everyday, our senior would lead us read English loudly. That's very good. I want to be the person like my senior who can help other people to improve their English. When I was a sophomore, I became a leader of English morning reading. Before I teach other something, I have got to prepare what I want to teach in advance. I got more at that time. What I did in my college was to adjust other people's English pronunciation. That's a very nice thing. I can make friends with different department students, I saw all kinds of people and learned something from them. I like this habit.

The second one is reflective thinking. I think this habit is very vital for us. If you already have this habit, keep it. It will help you avoid making same mistake. Everyday I give me about thirty minutes to do that thing. I write down what I did in a day. And do some not detailed statistics for everything. Finally, I decide to which thing I will keep, which thing I will give up. I think this habit can adjust the path of my life, like it.

The third one is critical thinking. Someone can immediately link to debate when they heard of this phrase. But what I want to say is when you get a new idea, what will you do? Accept it or miss it? Before I heard of a new idea. I will accept it without any thinking, yes, yes, yes, you are right. I totally agree with that. But now I will think about it first and judge whether it can be accepted.

A winter melon's new purpose is to help Tony's student to get a bad habit, just a joke, What I say above is all about the habit. Good habit can help you have better life. Bad habit can make your life bad, even destroy your life. 

Thank  you!